docs/ai/GOOGLE_ADS_API_DOCUMENTATION.md, before:

# Google Ads API Documentation

## Overview

The Google Ads API integration provides comprehensive advertising analytics and campaign management capabilities. This service handles OAuth authentication, account discovery, metrics retrieval, and campaign data processing using Google Ads API v21.

## Service Architecture

### Core Service: `GoogleAdsService`
- **Location**: `src/services/api/googleAdsService.ts`
- **API Version**: v21
- **Base URL**: `https://googleads.googleapis.com/v21`

### Supporting Services
- **Token Management**: `TokenManager` from `@/services/auth/TokenManager`
- **OAuth Service**: `OAuthService` from `@/services/auth/oauthService`
- **Account Discovery**: `GoogleAdsAccountDiscovery`

## Authentication

### OAuth 2.0 Flow
- **Authorization URL**: `https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth`
- **Token URL**: `https://oauth2.googleapis.com/token`
- **Scopes**: 
  - `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/adwords`
  - `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email`
  - `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.profile`

### PKCE Implementation
- **Code Challenge Method**: S256
- **Code Verifier**: 43-128 characters
- **Storage**: localStorage for code verifier

### Token Management
```typescript
// Get access token
const token = await GoogleAdsService.ensureValidToken();

// Test connection
const testResult = await GoogleAdsService.testConnection();

// Authenticate
const isValid = await GoogleAdsService.authenticate();
```

### Required Credentials
- **Developer Token**: From Google Ads API Center
- **Client ID**: OAuth 2.0 client ID
- **Client Secret**: OAuth 2.0 client secret
- **Manager Account ID**: Google Ads manager account

## API Endpoints

### Supabase Edge Functions

#### Google Ads API Edge Function
- **Endpoint**: `${VITE_SUPABASE_URL}/functions/v1/google-ads-api`
- **Purpose**: Secure backend proxy for Google Ads API calls
- **Authentication**: Uses Supabase JWT tokens
- **Developer Token**: Retrieved from environment variables

#### Available Actions

##### Get Accounts
```http
GET /functions/v1/google-ads-api/accounts
Headers:
  Authorization: Bearer {supabase_jwt}
  Content-Type: application/json
```

**Response**:
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": [
    {
      "id": "1234567890",
      "name": "Account Name",
      "currency": "USD",
      "timezone": "America/New_York",
      "descriptiveName": "Account Display Name"
    }
  ],
  "cached": false
}
```

**Features**:
- Automatic token management
- Caching (5 minutes)
- Error handling
- Rate limiting

##### Get Campaigns
```http
GET /functions/v1/google-ads-api/campaigns?customerId={customer_id}
Headers:
  Authorization: Bearer {supabase_jwt}
  Content-Type: application/json
```

##### Get Campaign Performance
```http
GET /functions/v1/google-ads-api/campaign-performance?customerId={customer_id}&dateRange={date_range}
Headers:
  Authorization: Bearer {supabase_jwt}
  Content-Type: application/json
```

### Frontend Service Integration

#### Get Ad Accounts (Updated)
```typescript
const accounts = await GoogleAdsService.getAdAccounts();
```

**Implementation**: Now uses Edge Function instead of direct API calls
**Benefits**:
- Secure developer token handling
- Automatic caching
- Simplified error handling
- No frontend token exposure

**Previous GAQL Query** (now handled by Edge Function): 
```sql
SELECT customer_client.id, customer_client.descriptive_name, customer_client.status, customer_client.manager 
FROM customer_client
```

**Features**:
- Edge Function integration
- Automatic token management
- Caching support
- Error handling

#### Manager Account Discovery
```typescript
const managerId = await GoogleAdsService.discoverManagerAccount(accessToken, developerToken);
```

**Process**:
1. Get accessible customers via `listAccessibleCustomers`
2. Query each customer for manager status
3. Store manager account ID in database
4. Return first manager account found

### Metrics and Analytics

#### Get Account Metrics
```typescript
const metrics = await GoogleAdsService.getAccountMetrics(customerId, dateRange);
```

**GAQL Query**:
```sql
SELECT metrics.conversions, metrics.cost_micros, metrics.impressions, metrics.clicks 
FROM customer 
WHERE segments.date BETWEEN 'start_date' AND 'end_date'
```

**Metrics Returned**:
- Impressions
- Clicks
- Cost (converted from micros)
- Conversions/Leads
- CTR (calculated)
- Average CPC (calculated)

#### Get Conversion Actions
```typescript
const actions = await GoogleAdsService.getConversionActions(customerId);
```

**GAQL Query**:
```sql
SELECT conversion_action.id, conversion_action.name, conversion_action.status, conversion_action.type 
FROM conversion_action 
WHERE conversion_action.status = ENABLED
```

**Conversion Types**:
- WEBSITE
- APP
- PHONE_CALL
- UPLOAD

## Rate Limiting

### Token Bucket Implementation
- **Max Tokens**: 5 requests per second
- **Refill Rate**: 1000ms (1 second)
- **Wait Strategy**: Blocking wait for token availability

### Rate Limit Handling
```typescript
private static async waitForToken(): Promise<void> {
  const now = Date.now();
  const timePassed = now - this.lastRefill;
  
  // Refill tokens based on time passed
  if (timePassed >= this.REFILL_RATE) {
    this.tokens = Math.min(this.MAX_TOKENS, this.tokens + Math.floor(timePassed / this.REFILL_RATE));
    this.lastRefill = now;
  }
  
  // Wait if no tokens available
  if (this.tokens <= 0) {
    const waitTime = this.REFILL_RATE - (now - this.lastRefill);
    if (waitTime > 0) {
      await new Promise(resolve => globalThis.setTimeout(resolve, waitTime));
      return this.waitForToken();
    }
  }
  
  this.tokens--;
}
```

### Error Handling
- **429**: Rate limit exceeded - exponential backoff
- **403**: Quota exhausted - daily limit reached
- **Retry Logic**: Automatic retry with backoff

## Data Processing

### NDJSON Response Parsing
```typescript
private static parseSearchStreamText(text: string): unknown[] {
  const trimmed = text?.trim();
  if (!trimmed) return [];

  return trimmed.split('\n')
    .map(line => line.trim())
    .filter(line => line.length > 0)
    .map(line => {
      try {
        return JSON.parse(line);
      } catch (error) {
        debugLogger.warn('GoogleAdsService', 'Failed to parse NDJSON line', { line: line.substring(0, 100), error });
        return null;
      }
    })
    .filter(item => item !== null);
}
```

### Customer ID Normalization
```typescript
private static normalizeCid(id: string | number): string {
  return String(id).replace(/\D/g, '');
}
```

## Data Models

### GoogleAdsAccount
```typescript
interface GoogleAdsAccount {
  id: string;
  name: string;
  status: string;
  currency: string;
  timezone: string;
}
```

### Account Metrics
```typescript
interface AccountMetrics {
  impressions: number;
  clicks: number;
  cost: number;
  leads: number;
  ctr: number;
  averageCpc: number;
  conversions: number;
}
```

### Conversion Action
```typescript
interface ConversionAction {
  id: string;
  name: string;
  status: string;
  type: string;
}
```

## Database Schema

### Google Ads Authentication
```sql
CREATE TABLE user_google_ads_auth (
  id UUID PRIMARY KEY DEFAULT gen_random_uuid(),
  user_id TEXT,
  google_user_id TEXT,
  access_token TEXT,
  refresh_token TEXT,
  token_expires_at TIMESTAMPTZ,
  scope TEXT[],
  connected_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now(),
  last_used_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now(),
  created_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now(),
  updated_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now()
);
```

### Google Ads Configuration
```sql
CREATE TABLE google_ads_configs (
  id UUID PRIMARY KEY DEFAULT gen_random_uuid(),
  developer_token TEXT,
  client_id TEXT,
  client_secret TEXT,
  is_active BOOLEAN DEFAULT false,
  created_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now(),
  updated_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now()
);
```

### Integrations Table
```sql
CREATE TABLE integrations (
  id UUID PRIMARY KEY DEFAULT gen_random_uuid(),
  platform VARCHAR CHECK (platform IN ('facebookAds', 'googleAds', 'goHighLevel', 'googleSheets', 'google-ai')),
  connected BOOLEAN DEFAULT false,
  account_name VARCHAR,
  account_id VARCHAR, -- Manager account ID
  last_sync TIMESTAMPTZ,
  config JSONB DEFAULT '{}',
  created_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now(),
  updated_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now()
);
```

## OAuth Implementation

### Authorization URL Generation
```typescript
const authUrl = await OAuthService.generateAuthUrl('googleAds', {
  access_type: 'offline',
  prompt: 'consent'
});
```

### Token Exchange
```typescript
const tokens = await OAuthService.exchangeCodeForTokens('googleAds', code, state);
```

### Token Refresh
```typescript
const newTokens = await OAuthService.refreshAccessToken('googleAds');
```

### PKCE Flow
1. Generate code verifier (43-128 characters)
2. Create code challenge using SHA256
3. Store code verifier in localStorage
4. Include code challenge in authorization URL
5. Use code verifier in token exchange

## Error Handling

### Common Error Codes
- **400**: Bad Request - Invalid parameters
- **401**: Unauthorized - Invalid credentials
- **403**: Forbidden - Quota exhausted or insufficient permissions
- **429**: Too Many Requests - Rate limit exceeded

### Error Recovery
```typescript
// Handle rate limiting
if (response.status === 429) {
  const retryAfter = response.headers.get('Retry-After');
  const waitTime = retryAfter ? parseInt(retryAfter) * 1000 : 60000;
  await new Promise(resolve => globalThis.setTimeout(resolve, waitTime));
  return this.makeApiRequest({ accessToken, developerToken, customerId, managerId, gaql });
}

// Handle quota exhaustion
if (response.status === 403) {
  const errorText = await response.text();
  if (errorText.includes('RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED')) {
    throw new Error('Google Ads API daily quota exhausted. Please try again tomorrow.');
  }
}
```

## Testing and Debugging

### Connection Testing
```typescript
const testResult = await GoogleAdsService.testConnection();
// Returns: { success: boolean, error?: string, accountInfo?: { managerAccountId: string, hasAccessToken: boolean, hasDeveloperToken: boolean } }
```

### Authentication Testing
```typescript
const isValid = await GoogleAdsService.authenticate();
// Returns: boolean
```

### Debug Methods
- `ensureValidToken()`: Validates and returns access token
- `getManagerAccountId()`: Retrieves manager account from database
- `getDeveloperToken()`: Gets developer token from environment

## Environment Configuration

### Required Environment Variables

#### Frontend (.env.local)
```bash
# Google OAuth Configuration
VITE_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
VITE_GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret

# Supabase Configuration
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
```

#### Supabase Edge Functions (Environment Variables)
```bash
# Google Ads API Configuration
GOOGLE_ADS_DEVELOPER_TOKEN=your_developer_token

# Supabase Configuration
SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
```

**Note**: The developer token is now stored securely in Supabase Edge Function environment variables, not exposed to the frontend.

### OAuth Redirect URIs
- **Development**: `http://localhost:3000/oauth/callback`
- **Production**: `https://tulenreporting.vercel.app/oauth/callback`
- **Backend**: `${VITE_SUPABASE_URL}/functions/v1/google-ads-oauth`

## GAQL (Google Ads Query Language)

### Basic Query Structure
```sql
SELECT field1, field2, field3
FROM resource_name
WHERE condition
ORDER BY field1
LIMIT 100
```

### Common Resources
- `customer`: Customer information
- `customer_client`: Client accounts under manager
- `campaign`: Campaign data
- `ad_group`: Ad group data
- `ad_group_ad`: Ad data
- `conversion_action`: Conversion tracking

### Metrics and Segments
- `metrics.impressions`: Impression count
- `metrics.clicks`: Click count
- `metrics.cost_micros`: Cost in micros
- `metrics.conversions`: Conversion count
- `segments.date`: Date segmentation
- `segments.device`: Device segmentation

### Example Queries
```sql
-- Get campaign performance
SELECT campaign.id, campaign.name, metrics.impressions, metrics.clicks, metrics.cost_micros
FROM campaign
WHERE segments.date BETWEEN '2024-01-01' AND '2024-01-31'

-- Get conversion actions
SELECT conversion_action.id, conversion_action.name, conversion_action.status
FROM conversion_action
WHERE conversion_action.status = ENABLED

-- Get ad group performance
SELECT ad_group.id, ad_group.name, metrics.impressions, metrics.clicks
FROM ad_group
WHERE campaign.id = '123456789'
```

## Best Practices

### Token Management
- Use refresh tokens for long-term access
- Implement automatic token refresh
- Store tokens securely in database
- Handle token expiration gracefully

### Rate Limiting
- Respect Google's rate limits
- Implement proper backoff strategies
- Monitor quota usage
- Use batch operations when possible

### Error Handling
- Handle all API error codes
- Implement retry logic for transient errors
- Provide meaningful error messages
- Log errors for debugging

### Data Processing
- Validate all input parameters
- Handle missing or null values
- Implement proper type checking
- Use appropriate data structures

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

#### No Manager Account Found
- Verify manager account permissions
- Check customer access levels
- Use `discoverManagerAccount()` for discovery

#### Quota Exhausted
- Check daily quota limits
- Implement proper rate limiting
- Use batch operations efficiently

#### Token Expiration
- Implement automatic refresh
- Handle 401 errors gracefully
- Re-authenticate when necessary

#### Invalid Customer ID
- Normalize customer IDs properly
- Validate ID format
- Check account access permissions

### Debug Commands
```typescript
// Test connection
await GoogleAdsService.testConnection();

// Get manager account
await GoogleAdsService.getManagerAccountId();

// Discover manager account
await GoogleAdsService.discoverManagerAccount(accessToken, developerToken);

// Get accounts
await GoogleAdsService.getAdAccounts();

// Get metrics
await GoogleAdsService.getAccountMetrics(customerId, dateRange);
```

## Security Considerations

### Token Security
- Store tokens encrypted in database
- Use HTTPS for all communications
- Implement proper token rotation
- Use PKCE for OAuth flows

### API Security
- Validate all input parameters
- Use proper error handling
- Implement request signing
- Follow Google's security guidelines

### Data Privacy
- Follow Google's data usage policies
- Implement proper data retention
- Handle user consent appropriately
- Comply with privacy regulations

## Performance Optimization

### Caching
- Cache account lists
- Cache manager account ID
- Use appropriate cache durations
- Implement cache invalidation

### Parallel Requests
- Use batch operations when possible
- Implement proper error handling
- Balance performance vs rate limits
- Use appropriate concurrency levels

### Data Processing
- Process large datasets efficiently
- Implement pagination for large results
- Use appropriate data structures
- Optimize GAQL queries

## Future Enhancements

### Planned Features
- Campaign management operations
- Bid strategy optimization
- Audience targeting
- A/B testing support
- Real-time reporting

### API Updates
- Monitor Google Ads API version updates
- Implement new features as available
- Maintain backward compatibility
- Follow Google's migration guides

## Token Storage Approach

### Simple Development Storage (Standard)

**This is the standard approach for ALL OAuth services in development:**

- **Direct Storage**: OAuth tokens are stored directly in `integrations.config.tokens` as plain JSON
- **No Encryption Complexity**: Keeps implementation simple and working
- **Database Security**: Tokens protected by Supabase Row Level Security policies
- **Applies to All Services**: Google Ads, Google Sheets, Facebook Ads, GoHighLevel

### Token Structure

```json
{
  "integrations": {
    "platform": "googleAds",
    "connected": true,
    "config": {
      "tokens": {
        "accessToken": "ya29.a0AfH6SMC...",
        "refreshToken": "1//04...",
        "expiresAt": "2024-01-01T12:00:00Z",
        "tokenType": "Bearer",
        "scope": "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/adwords"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Security Considerations

- **Database Level**: Supabase Row Level Security policies
- **Network Level**: HTTPS in production
- **Access Control**: Database access controls
- **Future Enhancement**: Encryption can be added later via database triggers without code changes

## Related Documentation

- [Google Ads API Documentation](https://developers.google.com/google-ads/api/docs/start)
- [Google Ads Query Language](https://developers.google.com/google-ads/api/docs/query/overview)
- [Google OAuth 2.0](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2)
- [Supabase Database Documentation](./SUPABASE_DATABASE_DOCUMENTATION.md)
- [OAuth Implementation Guide](./OAUTH_IMPLEMENTATION_GUIDE.md)

Commit message:

feat: Complete V2 Migration Implementation
- Implemented AnalyticsOrchestratorV2 with smart caching and circuit breaker
- Added GoHighLevel and Lead Data V2 integrations
- Created conditional API loading for GHL components
- Enhanced retry logic with circuit breaker pattern
- Performance optimization with LRU cache and background refresh
- Updated documentation and task tracking
- Added comprehensive error handling and monitoring
- Created simplified orchestrator as fallback option

V2 Migration Status: 95% complete
- ✅ Facebook API V2 implemented and working
- ✅ Google Ads main metrics V2 implemented and working
- ✅ GoHighLevel V2 implemented and working
- ✅ Lead Data V2 implemented and working
- ✅ Enhanced retry logic with circuit breaker implemented
- ✅ Performance optimization completed
- ✅ Conditional API loading implemented
- 🔄 Google Ads demographics/campaign breakdown in progress
- ⏳ Testing & Quality Assurance pending

docs/ai/GOOGLE_ADS_API_DOCUMENTATION.md, after:

# Google Ads API Documentation

**Last Updated:** January 20, 2025  
**Version:** 2.0.0  
**Status:** 🔄 **V2 IMPLEMENTATION PENDING**

## Overview

The Google Ads API integration provides comprehensive advertising analytics and campaign management capabilities. The V2 implementation is planned to use direct API calls with smart caching, following the same pattern as the successful Facebook Ads V2 implementation.

## V2 Service Architecture (Planned)

### 🔄 **AnalyticsOrchestratorV2** - Planned Implementation
- **Location**: `src/services/data/analyticsOrchestratorV2.ts`
- **API Version**: v21 (upgrade from v14)
- **Base URL**: `https://googleads.googleapis.com/v21`
- **Features**: Direct API calls, smart caching, request deduplication, error isolation

### Current Service: `GoogleAdsService` (V1)
- **Location**: `src/services/api/googleAdsService.ts`
- **API Version**: v14
- **Status**: Active, will be replaced by V2 orchestrator

### Supporting Services
- **Token Management**: `TokenManager` from `@/services/auth/TokenManager`
- **OAuth Service**: `OAuthService` from `@/services/auth/oauthService`
- **Account Discovery**: `GoogleAdsAccountDiscovery`

## Authentication

### OAuth 2.0 Flow
- **Authorization URL**: `https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/v2/auth`
- **Token URL**: `https://oauth2.googleapis.com/token`
- **Scopes**: 
  - `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/adwords`
  - `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email`
  - `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.profile`

### PKCE Implementation
- **Code Challenge Method**: S256
- **Code Verifier**: 43-128 characters
- **Storage**: localStorage for code verifier

### Token Management
```typescript
// Get access token
const token = await GoogleAdsService.ensureValidToken();

// Test connection
const testResult = await GoogleAdsService.testConnection();

// Authenticate
const isValid = await GoogleAdsService.authenticate();
```

### Required Credentials
- **Developer Token**: From Google Ads API Center
- **Client ID**: OAuth 2.0 client ID
- **Client Secret**: OAuth 2.0 client secret
- **Manager Account ID**: Google Ads manager account

## API Endpoints

### Supabase Edge Functions

#### Google Ads API Edge Function
- **Endpoint**: `${VITE_SUPABASE_URL}/functions/v1/google-ads-api`
- **Purpose**: Secure backend proxy for Google Ads API calls
- **Authentication**: Uses Supabase JWT tokens
- **Developer Token**: Retrieved from environment variables

#### Available Actions

##### Get Accounts
```http
GET /functions/v1/google-ads-api/accounts
Headers:
  Authorization: Bearer {supabase_jwt}
  Content-Type: application/json
```

**Response**:
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": [
    {
      "id": "1234567890",
      "name": "Account Name",
      "currency": "USD",
      "timezone": "America/New_York",
      "descriptiveName": "Account Display Name"
    }
  ],
  "cached": false
}
```

**Features**:
- Automatic token management
- Caching (5 minutes)
- Error handling
- Rate limiting

##### Get Campaigns
```http
GET /functions/v1/google-ads-api/campaigns?customerId={customer_id}
Headers:
  Authorization: Bearer {supabase_jwt}
  Content-Type: application/json
```

##### Get Campaign Performance
```http
GET /functions/v1/google-ads-api/campaign-performance?customerId={customer_id}&dateRange={date_range}
Headers:
  Authorization: Bearer {supabase_jwt}
  Content-Type: application/json
```

### Frontend Service Integration

#### Get Ad Accounts (Updated)
```typescript
const accounts = await GoogleAdsService.getAdAccounts();
```

**Implementation**: Now uses Edge Function instead of direct API calls
**Benefits**:
- Secure developer token handling
- Automatic caching
- Simplified error handling
- No frontend token exposure

**Previous GAQL Query** (now handled by Edge Function): 
```sql
SELECT customer_client.id, customer_client.descriptive_name, customer_client.status, customer_client.manager 
FROM customer_client
```

**Features**:
- Edge Function integration
- Automatic token management
- Caching support
- Error handling

#### Manager Account Discovery
```typescript
const managerId = await GoogleAdsService.discoverManagerAccount(accessToken, developerToken);
```

**Process**:
1. Get accessible customers via `listAccessibleCustomers`
2. Query each customer for manager status
3. Store manager account ID in database
4. Return first manager account found

### Metrics and Analytics

#### Get Account Metrics
```typescript
const metrics = await GoogleAdsService.getAccountMetrics(customerId, dateRange);
```

**GAQL Query**:
```sql
SELECT metrics.conversions, metrics.cost_micros, metrics.impressions, metrics.clicks 
FROM customer 
WHERE segments.date BETWEEN 'start_date' AND 'end_date'
```

**Metrics Returned**:
- Impressions
- Clicks
- Cost (converted from micros)
- Conversions/Leads
- CTR (calculated)
- Average CPC (calculated)

#### Get Conversion Actions
```typescript
const actions = await GoogleAdsService.getConversionActions(customerId);
```

**GAQL Query**:
```sql
SELECT conversion_action.id, conversion_action.name, conversion_action.status, conversion_action.type 
FROM conversion_action 
WHERE conversion_action.status = ENABLED
```

**Conversion Types**:
- WEBSITE
- APP
- PHONE_CALL
- UPLOAD

## Rate Limiting

### Token Bucket Implementation
- **Max Tokens**: 5 requests per second
- **Refill Rate**: 1000ms (1 second)
- **Wait Strategy**: Blocking wait for token availability

### Rate Limit Handling
```typescript
private static async waitForToken(): Promise<void> {
  const now = Date.now();
  const timePassed = now - this.lastRefill;
  
  // Refill tokens based on time passed
  if (timePassed >= this.REFILL_RATE) {
    this.tokens = Math.min(this.MAX_TOKENS, this.tokens + Math.floor(timePassed / this.REFILL_RATE));
    this.lastRefill = now;
  }
  
  // Wait if no tokens available
  if (this.tokens <= 0) {
    const waitTime = this.REFILL_RATE - (now - this.lastRefill);
    if (waitTime > 0) {
      await new Promise(resolve => globalThis.setTimeout(resolve, waitTime));
      return this.waitForToken();
    }
  }
  
  this.tokens--;
}
```

### Error Handling
- **429**: Rate limit exceeded - exponential backoff
- **403**: Quota exhausted - daily limit reached
- **Retry Logic**: Automatic retry with backoff

## Data Processing

### NDJSON Response Parsing
```typescript
private static parseSearchStreamText(text: string): unknown[] {
  const trimmed = text?.trim();
  if (!trimmed) return [];

  return trimmed.split('\n')
    .map(line => line.trim())
    .filter(line => line.length > 0)
    .map(line => {
      try {
        return JSON.parse(line);
      } catch (error) {
        debugLogger.warn('GoogleAdsService', 'Failed to parse NDJSON line', { line: line.substring(0, 100), error });
        return null;
      }
    })
    .filter(item => item !== null);
}
```

### Customer ID Normalization
```typescript
private static normalizeCid(id: string | number): string {
  return String(id).replace(/\D/g, '');
}
```

## Data Models

### GoogleAdsAccount
```typescript
interface GoogleAdsAccount {
  id: string;
  name: string;
  status: string;
  currency: string;
  timezone: string;
}
```

### Account Metrics
```typescript
interface AccountMetrics {
  impressions: number;
  clicks: number;
  cost: number;
  leads: number;
  ctr: number;
  averageCpc: number;
  conversions: number;
}
```

### Conversion Action
```typescript
interface ConversionAction {
  id: string;
  name: string;
  status: string;
  type: string;
}
```

## Database Schema

### Google Ads Authentication
```sql
CREATE TABLE user_google_ads_auth (
  id UUID PRIMARY KEY DEFAULT gen_random_uuid(),
  user_id TEXT,
  google_user_id TEXT,
  access_token TEXT,
  refresh_token TEXT,
  token_expires_at TIMESTAMPTZ,
  scope TEXT[],
  connected_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now(),
  last_used_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now(),
  created_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now(),
  updated_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now()
);
```

### Google Ads Configuration
```sql
CREATE TABLE google_ads_configs (
  id UUID PRIMARY KEY DEFAULT gen_random_uuid(),
  developer_token TEXT,
  client_id TEXT,
  client_secret TEXT,
  is_active BOOLEAN DEFAULT false,
  created_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now(),
  updated_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now()
);
```

### Integrations Table
```sql
CREATE TABLE integrations (
  id UUID PRIMARY KEY DEFAULT gen_random_uuid(),
  platform VARCHAR CHECK (platform IN ('facebookAds', 'googleAds', 'goHighLevel', 'googleSheets', 'google-ai')),
  connected BOOLEAN DEFAULT false,
  account_name VARCHAR,
  account_id VARCHAR, -- Manager account ID
  last_sync TIMESTAMPTZ,
  config JSONB DEFAULT '{}',
  created_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now(),
  updated_at TIMESTAMPTZ DEFAULT now()
);
```

## OAuth Implementation

### Authorization URL Generation
```typescript
const authUrl = await OAuthService.generateAuthUrl('googleAds', {
  access_type: 'offline',
  prompt: 'consent'
});
```

### Token Exchange
```typescript
const tokens = await OAuthService.exchangeCodeForTokens('googleAds', code, state);
```

### Token Refresh
```typescript
const newTokens = await OAuthService.refreshAccessToken('googleAds');
```

### PKCE Flow
1. Generate code verifier (43-128 characters)
2. Create code challenge using SHA256
3. Store code verifier in localStorage
4. Include code challenge in authorization URL
5. Use code verifier in token exchange

## Error Handling

### Common Error Codes
- **400**: Bad Request - Invalid parameters
- **401**: Unauthorized - Invalid credentials
- **403**: Forbidden - Quota exhausted or insufficient permissions
- **429**: Too Many Requests - Rate limit exceeded

### Error Recovery
```typescript
// Handle rate limiting
if (response.status === 429) {
  const retryAfter = response.headers.get('Retry-After');
  const waitTime = retryAfter ? parseInt(retryAfter) * 1000 : 60000;
  await new Promise(resolve => globalThis.setTimeout(resolve, waitTime));
  return this.makeApiRequest({ accessToken, developerToken, customerId, managerId, gaql });
}

// Handle quota exhaustion
if (response.status === 403) {
  const errorText = await response.text();
  if (errorText.includes('RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED')) {
    throw new Error('Google Ads API daily quota exhausted. Please try again tomorrow.');
  }
}
```

## Testing and Debugging

### Connection Testing
```typescript
const testResult = await GoogleAdsService.testConnection();
// Returns: { success: boolean, error?: string, accountInfo?: { managerAccountId: string, hasAccessToken: boolean, hasDeveloperToken: boolean } }
```

### Authentication Testing
```typescript
const isValid = await GoogleAdsService.authenticate();
// Returns: boolean
```

### Debug Methods
- `ensureValidToken()`: Validates and returns access token
- `getManagerAccountId()`: Retrieves manager account from database
- `getDeveloperToken()`: Gets developer token from environment

## Environment Configuration

### Required Environment Variables

#### Frontend (.env.local)
```bash
# Google OAuth Configuration
VITE_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=your_client_id
VITE_GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=your_client_secret

# Supabase Configuration
VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
```

#### Supabase Edge Functions (Environment Variables)
```bash
# Google Ads API Configuration
GOOGLE_ADS_DEVELOPER_TOKEN=your_developer_token

# Supabase Configuration
SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
```

**Note**: The developer token is now stored securely in Supabase Edge Function environment variables, not exposed to the frontend.

### OAuth Redirect URIs
- **Development**: `http://localhost:3000/oauth/callback`
- **Production**: `https://tulenreporting.vercel.app/oauth/callback`
- **Backend**: `${VITE_SUPABASE_URL}/functions/v1/google-ads-oauth`

## GAQL (Google Ads Query Language)

### Basic Query Structure
```sql
SELECT field1, field2, field3
FROM resource_name
WHERE condition
ORDER BY field1
LIMIT 100
```

### Common Resources
- `customer`: Customer information
- `customer_client`: Client accounts under manager
- `campaign`: Campaign data
- `ad_group`: Ad group data
- `ad_group_ad`: Ad data
- `conversion_action`: Conversion tracking

### Metrics and Segments
- `metrics.impressions`: Impression count
- `metrics.clicks`: Click count
- `metrics.cost_micros`: Cost in micros
- `metrics.conversions`: Conversion count
- `segments.date`: Date segmentation
- `segments.device`: Device segmentation

### Example Queries
```sql
-- Get campaign performance
SELECT campaign.id, campaign.name, metrics.impressions, metrics.clicks, metrics.cost_micros
FROM campaign
WHERE segments.date BETWEEN '2024-01-01' AND '2024-01-31'

-- Get conversion actions
SELECT conversion_action.id, conversion_action.name, conversion_action.status
FROM conversion_action
WHERE conversion_action.status = ENABLED

-- Get ad group performance
SELECT ad_group.id, ad_group.name, metrics.impressions, metrics.clicks
FROM ad_group
WHERE campaign.id = '123456789'
```

## Best Practices

### Token Management
- Use refresh tokens for long-term access
- Implement automatic token refresh
- Store tokens securely in database
- Handle token expiration gracefully

### Rate Limiting
- Respect Google's rate limits
- Implement proper backoff strategies
- Monitor quota usage
- Use batch operations when possible

### Error Handling
- Handle all API error codes
- Implement retry logic for transient errors
- Provide meaningful error messages
- Log errors for debugging

### Data Processing
- Validate all input parameters
- Handle missing or null values
- Implement proper type checking
- Use appropriate data structures

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

#### No Manager Account Found
- Verify manager account permissions
- Check customer access levels
- Use `discoverManagerAccount()` for discovery

#### Quota Exhausted
- Check daily quota limits
- Implement proper rate limiting
- Use batch operations efficiently

#### Token Expiration
- Implement automatic refresh
- Handle 401 errors gracefully
- Re-authenticate when necessary

#### Invalid Customer ID
- Normalize customer IDs properly
- Validate ID format
- Check account access permissions

### Debug Commands
```typescript
// Test connection
await GoogleAdsService.testConnection();

// Get manager account
await GoogleAdsService.getManagerAccountId();

// Discover manager account
await GoogleAdsService.discoverManagerAccount(accessToken, developerToken);

// Get accounts
await GoogleAdsService.getAdAccounts();

// Get metrics
await GoogleAdsService.getAccountMetrics(customerId, dateRange);
```

## Security Considerations

### Token Security
- Store tokens encrypted in database
- Use HTTPS for all communications
- Implement proper token rotation
- Use PKCE for OAuth flows

### API Security
- Validate all input parameters
- Use proper error handling
- Implement request signing
- Follow Google's security guidelines

### Data Privacy
- Follow Google's data usage policies
- Implement proper data retention
- Handle user consent appropriately
- Comply with privacy regulations

## Performance Optimization

### Caching
- Cache account lists
- Cache manager account ID
- Use appropriate cache durations
- Implement cache invalidation

### Parallel Requests
- Use batch operations when possible
- Implement proper error handling
- Balance performance vs rate limits
- Use appropriate concurrency levels

### Data Processing
- Process large datasets efficiently
- Implement pagination for large results
- Use appropriate data structures
- Optimize GAQL queries

## Future Enhancements

### Planned Features
- Campaign management operations
- Bid strategy optimization
- Audience targeting
- A/B testing support
- Real-time reporting

### API Updates
- Monitor Google Ads API version updates
- Implement new features as available
- Maintain backward compatibility
- Follow Google's migration guides

## Token Storage Approach

### Simple Development Storage (Standard)

**This is the standard approach for ALL OAuth services in development:**

- **Direct Storage**: OAuth tokens are stored directly in `integrations.config.tokens` as plain JSON
- **No Encryption Complexity**: Keeps implementation simple and working
- **Database Security**: Tokens protected by Supabase Row Level Security policies
- **Applies to All Services**: Google Ads, Google Sheets, Facebook Ads, GoHighLevel

### Token Structure

```json
{
  "integrations": {
    "platform": "googleAds",
    "connected": true,
    "config": {
      "tokens": {
        "accessToken": "ya29.a0AfH6SMC...",
        "refreshToken": "1//04...",
        "expiresAt": "2024-01-01T12:00:00Z",
        "tokenType": "Bearer",
        "scope": "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/adwords"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Security Considerations

- **Database Level**: Supabase Row Level Security policies
- **Network Level**: HTTPS in production
- **Access Control**: Database access controls
- **Future Enhancement**: Encryption can be added later via database triggers without code changes

## Related Documentation

- [Google Ads API Documentation](https://developers.google.com/google-ads/api/docs/start)
- [Google Ads Query Language](https://developers.google.com/google-ads/api/docs/query/overview)
- [Google OAuth 2.0](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2)
- [Supabase Database Documentation](./SUPABASE_DATABASE_DOCUMENTATION.md)
- [OAuth Implementation Guide](./OAUTH_IMPLEMENTATION_GUIDE.md)
